Hmm
sometimes I liked my school at
sometimes I found it annoying because I had
many of these teachers who become
matter and then that science class
you do not see how your body or class of
story as your story is a date
it's a thing apart from life
I think that hinders when
knowledge is alienated from life
interest
the world is our starting point and the
arrival point in your books in the
sense of humility walking the countryside
walk around the city and to the museums watch
shows attend the factories the gardens
you can not just look at what the
people call cognitive skills
that they are important nobody is
admire if the student has to learn
Portuguese does not have to learn
mathematics but the school has paper
much greater than teaching Portuguese and
mathematics
we already know by intuition more when
the rankings of
schools that only measure this performance
cognitive there is a pressure from the parents I am
including peace of the middle class
of wanting to think that the most
important is the school note on the
school ended up privileging
historically all this field of
cognitive abilities
only the world needs more
than this
the world is in need of skills
cooperation as tolerance and
ability to cooperate to work in
team to achieve results after all
accounts education looks at the
of a person is not a person.
in its entirety from a person who
is in the society that will integrate
from there for some time as a professional
who will become father who will see his mother
then you know this person who needs to be
Look at the school, I do not
it is a discourse to put aside the
learning to read and write well
learn math